1. Fuel is normally supplied to an APU form
a. Its own independent fuel supply
b. The airplane’s reserve fuel supply
c. The airplane’s main fuel system
2. Fuel scheduling during APU start under varying
pneumatic bleed and electrical loads is maintained
a. Manually through power control lever position.
b. Automatically by the APU fuel control
system.
c. Automatically by an aircraft main engine fuel
control unit.
3. Usually, most of the load placed on an APU occurs
when
a. An electrical load is placed on the generator(s).
b. The bleed air valve is opened.
c. The bleed air valve is closed.
4. When in operation, the speed of an APU
a. Is controlled by a cockpit power lever.
b. Remains at idle and automatically accelerates to
rated speed when placed under load.
c. Remains at or near rated speed regardless of
the load condition
5. Frequently, an aircraft’s auxiliary power unit (APU)
generator
a. Is identical to the engine-driven generators.
b. Supplements the aircraft’s engine- driven
generators during peak loads.
c. Has a higher load capacity than the enginedriven generators.
6. An APU is usually rotated during start by
a. A turbine impingement system.
b. A pneumatic starter.
c. An electric starter.
7. Generally, when maximum APU shaft output power
is being used in conjunction with pneumatic power
a. Pneumatic loading will be automatically
modulated to maintain a safe EGT.
b. Electrical loading will be automatically
modulated to maintain a safe EGT.
c. Temperature limits and loads must be carefully
monitored by the operator to maintain a safe
EGT.
8. When necessary, APU engine cooling before
shutdown may be accomplished by
a. Unloading the generator(s).
b. Closing the bleed air valve.
c. Opening the bleed air valve.
9. The function of an APU air inlet plenum is to
a. Increase the velocity of the air before entering
the compressor.
b. Decrease the pressure of the air before entering
the compressor.
c. Stabilize the pressure of the air before it
enters the compressor.
10. On APU’s equipped with a free turbine and load
compressor, the primary function of the load
compressor is to
a. Provide air for combustion and cooling in the
engine gas path.
b. Provide bleed air for aircraft pneumatic
systems.
c. Supply the turning force for operation of the
APU generator(s).